minicourse (#675)
symbiont-io/detsys-testkit: doc/advanced-testing-mini-course/README.md

    (For a SUT as simple as a counter this doesn't make much sense, but when the SUT get more complicated it might make sense to develope the state machine specification first, demo it using something like a REPL or some other simple UI before even starting to implement the real thing.)

4.  Collect timing information about how long each command takes to execute on average.

## See also

-   The original QuickCheck [paper](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/357766.351266) by Koen Claessen and John Hughes (2000) that introduced property-based testing in Haskell.

-   John Hughes' Midlands Graduate School 2019 [course](http://www.cse.chalmers.se/~rjmh/MGS2019/) on property-based testing, which covers the basics of state machine modelling and testing. It also contains a minimal implementation of a state machine testing library built on top of Haskell's QuickCheck;

-   Lamport's [Computation and State Machines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/publication/computation-state-machines/)

    (2008) 

> -   "Can one generalize Turing machines so that any algorithm, never mind how ab- stract, can be modeled by a generalized machine very closely and faithfully?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   "Can one generalize Turing machines so that any algorithm, never mind how abstract, can be modeled by a generalized machine very closely and faithfully?"
```
